because of the low density in the
Martian atmosphere a Reynolds number
associated with flying on Mars is much
lower than on earth and the changes
physics completely if the density is
1/100 that of Earth's we get a lift
force that's 1/100 than what you need
but it seems that the Mars atmosphere is
uniquely suited for bio-inspired
collective emotions we took up a movie
which flaps at 150 Hertz one of the nice
things about insect flight is that they
can hover but also move forward and
perform agile maneuvers so it's not that
we can simply take insect motion and
play that on Mars we have to be really
smart about how we dynamically scale
morphology and also min kinematics we
work in a computational group and we
modeled the lifting forces on the wings
and this is coupled to a flight dynamics
solver which models the wing and body
interaction and the reduced gravity and
eventually and we also want to
experimentally validate this in our
vacuum chamber it's it's definitely
possible and we would like to get this
done as soon as possible to maybe aid in
the human exploration of Mars
you